c:\users\cdadoua\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\AzureCloudService5\WebHost\obj\Debug\WebHost.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\cdadoua\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\AzureCloudService5\WebHost\bin\WebHost.dll
c:\users\cdadoua\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\AzureCloudService5\WebHost\bin\WebHost.pdb
c:\users\cdadoua\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\AzureCloudService5\WebHost\bin\Microsoft.Data.Edm.dll
c:\users\cdadoua\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\AzureCloudService5\WebHost\bin\Microsoft.Data.OData.dll
c:\users\cdadoua\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\AzureCloudService5\WebHost\bin\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.dll
c:\users\cdadoua\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\AzureCloudService5\WebHost\bin\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Configuration.dll
c:\users\cdadoua\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\AzureCloudService5\WebHost\bin\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Diagnostics.dll
c:\users\cdadoua\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\AzureCloudService5\WebHost\bin\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Storage.dll
c:\users\cdadoua\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\AzureCloudService5\WebHost\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\cdadoua\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\AzureCloudService5\WebHost\bin\System.Spatial.dll
c:\users\cdadoua\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\AzureCloudService5\WebHost\bin\WorkerHost.dll
c:\users\cdadoua\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\AzureCloudService5\WebHost\bin\MonAgentListener.dll
c:\users\cdadoua\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\AzureCloudService5\WebHost\bin\WorkerHost.pdb
c:\users\cdadoua\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\AzureCloudService5\WebHost\bin\Microsoft.Data.Edm.xml
c:\users\cdadoua\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\AzureCloudService5\WebHost\bin\Microsoft.Data.OData.xml
c:\users\cdadoua\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\AzureCloudService5\WebHost\bin\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.xml
c:\users\cdadoua\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\AzureCloudService5\WebHost\bin\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Configuration.xml
c:\users\cdadoua\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\AzureCloudService5\WebHost\bin\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Storage.xml
c:\users\cdadoua\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\AzureCloudService5\WebHost\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\cdadoua\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\AzureCloudService5\WebHost\bin\System.Spatial.xml
c:\users\cdadoua\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\AzureCloudService5\WebHost\bin\de\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\cdadoua\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\AzureCloudService5\WebHost\bin\es\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\cdadoua\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\AzureCloudService5\WebHost\bin\fr\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\cdadoua\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\AzureCloudService5\WebHost\bin\it\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\cdadoua\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\AzureCloudService5\WebHost\bin\ja\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\cdadoua\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\AzureCloudService5\WebHost\bin\ko\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\cdadoua\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\AzureCloudService5\WebHost\bin\ru\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\cdadoua\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\AzureCloudService5\WebHost\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\cdadoua\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\AzureCloudService5\WebHost\bin\zh-Hant\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\cdadoua\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\AzureCloudService5\WebHost\bin\de\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\cdadoua\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\AzureCloudService5\WebHost\bin\es\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\cdadoua\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\AzureCloudService5\WebHost\bin\fr\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\cdadoua\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\AzureCloudService5\WebHost\bin\it\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\cdadoua\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\AzureCloudService5\WebHost\bin\ja\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\cdadoua\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\AzureCloudService5\WebHost\bin\ko\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\cdadoua\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\AzureCloudService5\WebHost\bin\ru\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\cdadoua\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\AzureCloudService5\WebHost\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\cdadoua\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\AzureCloudService5\WebHost\bin\zh-Hant\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\cdadoua\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\AzureCloudService5\WebHost\bin\de\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\cdadoua\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\AzureCloudService5\WebHost\bin\es\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\cdadoua\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\AzureCloudService5\WebHost\bin\fr\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\cdadoua\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\AzureCloudService5\WebHost\bin\it\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\cdadoua\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\AzureCloudService5\WebHost\bin\ja\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\cdadoua\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\AzureCloudService5\WebHost\bin\ko\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\cdadoua\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\AzureCloudService5\WebHost\bin\ru\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\cdadoua\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\AzureCloudService5\WebHost\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\cdadoua\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\AzureCloudService5\WebHost\bin\zh-Hant\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\cdadoua\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\AzureCloudService5\WebHost\bin\de\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\cdadoua\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\AzureCloudService5\WebHost\bin\es\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\cdadoua\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\AzureCloudService5\WebHost\bin\fr\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\cdadoua\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\AzureCloudService5\WebHost\bin\it\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\cdadoua\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\AzureCloudService5\WebHost\bin\ja\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\cdadoua\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\AzureCloudService5\WebHost\bin\ko\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\cdadoua\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\AzureCloudService5\WebHost\bin\ru\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\cdadoua\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\AzureCloudService5\WebHost\bin\zh-Hans\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\cdadoua\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\AzureCloudService5\WebHost\bin\zh-Hant\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\cdadoua\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\AzureCloudService5\WebHost\obj\Debug\WebHost.dll
c:\users\cdadoua\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\AzureCloudService5\WebHost\obj\Debug\WebHost.pdb
